created a account in github.
Right top click the "+" icon and create new repository.
if you have files to upload you can choose upload existing file or create a new file.
install the git in your machine and go to cmd and type git you will get the some data if so you installed git in your machine.
you have to store your git user name and email in your local machine for that in the cmd use the following code
git config --global user.name "saranSenniappan"
git config --global user.email "saran.senniappan@aspiresys.com"
once you comeplete this create one folder in local and open it in the vs code.
click new terminal and enter git clone "url".
once you clone this using cd go to the actual path where your files are there.
create one file in local and you want to add it in the git repository.
   1. git add "name of the file".
   2. git commit -m "enter the message".
   3. git push origin main  --> here origin refers the our repository.
Note: while pushing the new change if you face any issue follow the bellow steps.
   1. git fetch origin
   2. git merge origin/main
   3. git push origin main
If you or someone made any changes in any of your project file you have to update the changes in ib your local so for that you have to use "pull" command in your local terminal like "git pull".
local repo to github:
  If you created a local folder and you want to add it in the git follow the bellow steps.
    1. Create a folder.
    2. In vs code create 1 or 2 files under the new folder.
    3. after that in terminal go to the new folder path and enter the command "git init" it will help to create .git folder 
       inside your new folder so that it will create a connection between folder and git.
    4. to add the new files which is created under the folder use "git add ." . will add all the new files.
    5. commit your new work "git commit -m "message"".
    6. create new repo in your git and use the following command to change your brance name "git branch -M main"
    7. Next you need to add the origin url so that you can push your new changes. for that 
       "git remote add origin "url""
    8. once you added the origin url you can push your work like "git push origin main".
New branch creation:
  1. In the github click the main and create new branch
  2. In VS code go to terminal and enter "git pull". Since we create a new branch in github we want that change in local.
  3. In terminal enter "git branch -a" you will get the list of branch which is in your current repo.
  4. If you want to move your new branch in terminal enter "git checkout "newbranchname"".
  5. once you move to your new branch you can do any modification or creation and follow the same push steps like (add -> commit -> push).
Merge branch in main:
  1. If you want to merge your branch to your main branch, in terminal enter "git merge "branch name you want to merge"".
  2. Once you merge it in terminal enter "git push origin main".
Pull request:
  1. If you have worked in your repo but you want to merge it with your main repo but you don't have access to merge then we can use merge option.
  2. In github you can see the "pull request" option click that and create a pull request and specify the branch which you want to merge.
  3. once you create a req your manager or someother person who is having the access to merge they will merge it.
Conflicts:
  1. Think you have one repo under that you have 2 or many branch.
  2. if you modified the same line of code in all branch and you want to merge it in the main branch.
  3. 1st merge from branch1 if you try to merge it in the main it will work since it is 1st merge.
  4. agian if you want to merge the same line of code in different branch this time it will through an error like you have conflict try 
     to resolve and merge it in the main branch.
